add alb support, upgrade elb resources and documentation (#92)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/r/lb_target_group.md

[target-groups]: https://docs.k2.cloud/en/services/elb/target_groups.html

# Resource: aws_lb_target_group

Manages a target group.
For details about target groups, see the [user documentation][target-groups].

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "aws_vpc" "example" {
  cidr_block = "10.1.0.0/16"

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-vpc"
  }
}

resource "aws_lb_target_group" "example" {
  name = "tf-lb-tg"

  target_type = "instance"
  port        = 80
  protocol    = "HTTP"
  vpc_id      = aws_vpc.example.id

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-lb-tg"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `port` - (Required) The port on which targets will receive requests.
  Can be overridden when registering a specific target.
    * _Valid values_: From 1 to 65535
* `protocol` - (Required) The protocol that will be used for routing traffic to the targets.
    * _Valid values_: `TCP`, `UDP`, `HTTP`
* `vpc_id` - (Required) The ID of the VPC.
* `health_check` - (Optional, Editable) The health check configuration.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#health_check).
* `name` - (Optional) The name of the target group.

>     * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 32 symbols

Reviewer: см. анал. ком.

Author: Теперь `Value length`

    * _Constraints_:
        * `name` cannot be specified with `name_prefix`
        * The value can contain only Latin letters, numbers and hyphens (`-`)
        * The value must start and end with a Latin letter or number
* `name_prefix` - (Optional) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix.

>     * _Length of the value_: From 1 to 6 symbols

Reviewer: см. анал. комм.

Author: Теперь `Value length`

    * _Constraints_:

>         * `name_prefix` cannot be specified with `name`

Reviewer: см анал. комм.

Author: Поправила формулировку

        * The value constraints are the same as `name`

> -> **Note** If `name` and `name_prefix` are not specified, Terraform will autogenerate a name with a prefix `tf-`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note** If `name` and `name_prefix` are not specified, Terraform will autogenerate a name with the prefix `tf-`.
```

> * `protocol_version` - (Optional) The version of HTTP protocol.

Reviewer: а тут не надо добавить, что когда протокол выбран HTTP ?

Author: Провайдер проигнорирует это поле, если протокол будет не http, но для ясности можно добавить констрейнт

* `enabled` - (Optional, Editable) Indicates whether health check will be enabled.
    * _Default value_: `true`
    * _Constraints_: Health check must be enabled for target groups with instance target type
* `healthy_threshold` - (Optional, Editable) Number of consecutive successful health checks after which the target status changes to healthy.
    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 10
    * _Constraints_: For TCP and UDP target groups `healthy_threshold` and `unhealthy_threshold` must be the same
* `interval` - (Optional, Editable) The amount of time, in seconds, between health checks on an individual target.
    * _Valid values_: From 5 to 300
    * _Default value_: 30
* `port` - (Optional, Editable) The port used to perform health checks on targets.
  If value is `traffic-port`, the port, on which the target receives requests, is used for health checks.
    * _Valid values_: `traffic-port`
    * _Default value_: `traffic-port`
* `protocol` - (Optional, Editable) The protocol used to perform health checks on targets.
    * _Valid values_: `TCP`, `UDP`, `HTTP`
    * _Constraints_: `health_check.protocol` and target group `protocol` must be the same

> * `timeout` - (Optional, Editable) The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a failed health check.

Reviewer: см. анал. комм.

    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 120

>     * _Constraints_: You cannot set a custom timout value for TCP and UDP target groups (default is 10).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: You cannot set a custom timeout value for TCP and UDP target groups (default is 10).
```

Reviewer: может написать, что можно задать только для http (?)

Author: Тут еще есть важная информация про дефолтное значение для таких групп (10). Т.е. для http групп можно задать любое, а для tcp и udp - только 10

* `unhealthy_threshold` - (Optional, Editable) Number of consecutive failed health checks after which the target status changes to unhealthy.
    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 10
    * _Constraints_: For TCP and UDP target groups `healthy_threshold` and `unhealthy_threshold` must be the same

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

> * `health_check`:

Reviewer: а это не блок?

Author: Переоформила как блок

    * `matcher` - The HTTP code used to check the target availability.
    * `path` - The destination for the health check request.

> * `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

Reviewer: ?

Author: x

* `healthy_threshold` - (Optional, Editable) Number of consecutive successful health checks after which the target status changes to healthy.
    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 10
    * _Constraints_: For TCP and UDP target groups `healthy_threshold` and `unhealthy_threshold` must be the same
* `interval` - (Optional, Editable) The amount of time, in seconds, between health checks on an individual target.
    * _Valid values_: From 5 to 300
    * _Default value_: 30
* `port` - (Optional, Editable) The port used to perform health checks on targets.
  If value is `traffic-port`, the port, on which the target receives requests, is used for health checks.
    * _Valid values_: `traffic-port`
    * _Default value_: `traffic-port`
* `protocol` - (Optional, Editable) The protocol used to perform health checks on targets.
    * _Valid values_: `TCP`, `UDP`, `HTTP`
    * _Constraints_: `health_check.protocol` and target group `protocol` must be the same
* `timeout` - (Optional, Editable) The amount of time, in seconds, after which no response indicates a failed health check.
    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 120

>     * _Constraints_: You cannot set a custom timeout value for TCP and UDP target groups (default is 10).

Reviewer: лучше в позитиве: 
```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: You can set a custom timeout value for HTTP target groups only (default is 10).
```

* `unhealthy_threshold` - (Optional, Editable) Number of consecutive failed health checks after which the target status changes to unhealthy.
    * _Valid values_: From 2 to 10

>     * _Constraints_: For TCP and UDP target groups `healthy_threshold` and `unhealthy_threshold` must be the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * _Constraints_: For TCP and UDP target groups, `healthy_threshold` and `unhealthy_threshold` must be the same
```
